index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title:  PHP-FIG — PHP Framework Interop Group
---
# Welcome PHP developers


### What is FIG?

The idea behind the group is for project representatives to talk about the
commonalities between our projects and find ways we can work together. Our main
audience is each other, but we’re very aware that the rest of the PHP community
is watching. If other folks want to adopt what we’re doing they are welcome to
do so, but that is not the aim.

[Read more in the FAQ](/faq/)


### Requesting Membership

You do not need to be a voting member to participate in discussion on the [mailing list][mailing-list]
or in the [IRC channel][irc].

To become a voting member, you must send an email to the [mailing list][mailing-list].

  [mailing-list]: https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/php-fig
  [irc]: /irc/

The subject line should read: `Membership Request: {$your_name} ({$project_name})`

The body should include your name, the name of (and link to) the project you represent, and other details you feel are relevant.

Current members will vote on your request.

Do not combine separate membership requests in a single thread; one request per thread, please.


### Member Projects

<ul id="voting-members">
    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.agavi.org/">Agavi</a></h4>
        David Zülke (<a href="http://twitter.com/dzuelke/">@dzuelke</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://aws.amazon.com/sdkforphp/">AWS SDK for PHP (Amazon Web Services)</a></h4>
        Michael Dowling (<a href="http://twitter.com/mtdowling/">@mtdowling</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://logging.apache.org/log4php/">Apache log4php</a></h4>
        Ivan Habunek (<a href="http://twitter.com/ihabunek/">@ihabunek</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4>
            <a target="_blank" href="http://github.com/kriswallsmith/assetic/">Assetic</a>
            and <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/kriswallsmith/Buzz">Buzz</a>
        </h4>
        Kris Wallsmith (<a href="http://twitter.com/kriswallsmith/">@kriswallsmith</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4>
            <a target="_blank" href="http://auraphp.github.com/">Aura Project</a>
            and <a target="_blank" href="http://solarphp.com/">Solar Framework</a>
        </h4>
        Paul M. Jones (<a href="http://twitter.com/pmjones/">@pmjones</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://cakephp.org/">CakePHP</a></h4>
        Larry Masters (<a href="http://twitter.com/PhpNut/">@PhpNut</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4>
            <a target="_blank" href="http://getcomposer.org/">Composer</a>
            and <a target="_blank" href="http://packagist.org/">Packagist</a>
        </h4>
        Jordi Boggiano (<a href="http://twitter.com/seldaek/">@seldaek</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="https://contao.org">Contao Open Source CMS</a></h4>
        Leo Feyer (<a href="http://twitter.com/leofeyer/">@leofeyer</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.doctrine-project.org">Doctrine</a></h4>
        Guilherme Blanco (<a href="http://twitter.com/guilhermeblanco/">@guilhermeblanco</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://drupal.org">Drupal</a></h4>
        Larry Garfield (<a href="http://twitter.com/Crell/">@Crell</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://ez.no/">eZ Publish</a></h4>
        Andre Romcke (<a href="http://twitter.com/andrerom/">@andrerom</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://flow.typo3.org/">TYPO3 Flow</a></h4>
        Karsten Dambekalns (<a href="http://twitter.com/kdambekalns/">@kdambekalns</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://jackalope.github.com">Jackalope</a></h4>
        Lukas Kahwe Smith (<a href="http://twitter.com/lsmith">@lsmith</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.joomla.org/">Joomla</a></h4>
        Don Gilbert (<a href="http://twitter.com/dilbert4life/">@dilbert4life</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://laravel.com/">Laravel</a></h4>
        Taylor Otwell (<a href="http://twitter.com/taylorotwell/">@taylorotwell</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://li3.me/">Lithium</a></h4>
        Nate Abele (<a href="http://twitter.com/nateabele/">@nateabele</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://pear.php.net/">PEAR</a></h4>
        Brett Bieber (<a href="http://twitter.com/saltybeagle/">@saltybeagle</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.phalconphp.com/">Phalcon</a></h4>
        Andres Gutierrez (<a href="http://twitter.com/phalconphp/">@phalconphp</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.phing.info/">Phing</a></h4>
        Michiel Rook (<a href="http://twitter.com/michieltcs/">@michieltcs</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.phpbb.com/">phpBB</a></h4>
        Nils Adermann (<a href="http://twitter.com/naderman/">@naderman</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.phpdoc.org/">phpDocumentor</a></h4>
        Mike van Riel (<a href="http://twitter.com/mvriel/">@mvriel</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.ppi.io/">PPI Framework</a></h4>
        Paul Dragoonis (<a href="http://twitter.com/dr4goonis/">@dr4goonis</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.prestashop.com/">PrestaShop</a></h4>
        R&eacute;mi Gaillard (<a href="http://twitter.com/xtaz07/">@xtaz07</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.propelorm.org/">Propel</a></h4>
        William Durand (<a href="http://twitter.com/couac/">@couac</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.pyrocms.com/">PyroCMS</a></h4>
        Phil Sturgeon (<a href="http://twitter.com/philsturgeon/">@philsturgeon</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.sabredav.org/">SabreDAV</a></h4>
        Evert Pot (<a href="http://twitter.com/evertp/">@evertp</a>)
    </li>


    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="https://sculpin.io/">Sculpin</a></h4>
        Beau D. Simensen (<a href="http://twitter.com/beausimensen/">@beausimensen</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.tedivm.com/stash/">Stash</a></h4>
        Robert Hafner (<a href="http://twitter.com/tedivm/">@tedivm</a>)
    </li>


    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://developers.sugarcrm.com/wordpress">SugarCRM</a></h4>
        Filipe Guerra (<a href="http://twitter.com/alias_mac/">@alias_mac</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.symfony.com/">Symfony2</a></h4>
        Bernhard Schussek (<a href="http://twitter.com/webmozart/">@webmozart</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4>The community at large</h4>
        Cal Evans (<a href="http://twitter.com/CalEvans/">@CalEvans</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4>
            <a target="_blank" href="http://www.wikiba.se/">Wikibase</a>
            and <a target="_blank" href="https://semantic-mediawiki.org">Semantic MediaWiki</a>
        </h4>
        Jeroen De Dauw (<a href="https://twitter.com/JeroenDeDauw">@JeroenDeDauw</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.yiiframework.com/">Yii framework</a></h4>
        Alexander Makarov (<a href="http://twitter.com/sam_dark/">@sam_dark</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://framework.zend.com/">Zend Framework 2</a></h4>
        Pádraic Brady (<a href="http://twitter.com/padraicb/">@padraicb</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.zikula.org/">Zikula</a></h4>
        Karma Dordrak (<a href="http://twitter.com/zikuladrak/">@zikuladrak</a>)
    </li>
</ul>

Commit message:

Name "PHP Framework Interoperability Group" changed to "PHP Framework Group"
Note that "PHP Framework Group" and "PHP Framework Interoperability Group" are two very different groups.

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title:  PHP-FG — PHP Framework Group
---
# Welcome PHP developers


### What is FG?

The idea behind the group is for project representatives to talk about the
commonalities between our projects and find ways we can work together. Our main
audience is each other, but we’re very aware that the rest of the PHP community
is watching. If other folks want to adopt what we’re doing they are welcome to
do so, but that is not the aim.

Note: PHP Framework Group (PHP-FG) is based on the work of the PHP Framework
Interoperability Group (PHP-FIG), but it is a different group.

[Read more in the FAQ](/faq/)


### Requesting Membership

You do not need to be a voting member to participate in discussion on the [mailing list][mailing-list]
or in the [IRC channel][irc].

To become a voting member, you must send an email to the [mailing list][mailing-list].

  [mailing-list]: https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/php-fg
  [irc]: /irc/

The subject line should read: `Membership Request: {$your_name} ({$project_name})`

The body should include your name, the name of (and link to) the project you represent, and other details you feel are relevant.

Current members will vote on your request.

Do not combine separate membership requests in a single thread; one request per thread, please.


### Member Projects

<ul id="voting-members">
    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.agavi.org/">Agavi</a></h4>
        David Zülke (<a href="http://twitter.com/dzuelke/">@dzuelke</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://aws.amazon.com/sdkforphp/">AWS SDK for PHP (Amazon Web Services)</a></h4>
        Michael Dowling (<a href="http://twitter.com/mtdowling/">@mtdowling</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://logging.apache.org/log4php/">Apache log4php</a></h4>
        Ivan Habunek (<a href="http://twitter.com/ihabunek/">@ihabunek</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4>
            <a target="_blank" href="http://github.com/kriswallsmith/assetic/">Assetic</a>
            and <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/kriswallsmith/Buzz">Buzz</a>
        </h4>
        Kris Wallsmith (<a href="http://twitter.com/kriswallsmith/">@kriswallsmith</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4>
            <a target="_blank" href="http://auraphp.github.com/">Aura Project</a>
            and <a target="_blank" href="http://solarphp.com/">Solar Framework</a>
        </h4>
        Paul M. Jones (<a href="http://twitter.com/pmjones/">@pmjones</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://cakephp.org/">CakePHP</a></h4>
        Larry Masters (<a href="http://twitter.com/PhpNut/">@PhpNut</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4>
            <a target="_blank" href="http://getcomposer.org/">Composer</a>
            and <a target="_blank" href="http://packagist.org/">Packagist</a>
        </h4>
        Jordi Boggiano (<a href="http://twitter.com/seldaek/">@seldaek</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="https://contao.org">Contao Open Source CMS</a></h4>
        Leo Feyer (<a href="http://twitter.com/leofeyer/">@leofeyer</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.doctrine-project.org">Doctrine</a></h4>
        Guilherme Blanco (<a href="http://twitter.com/guilhermeblanco/">@guilhermeblanco</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://drupal.org">Drupal</a></h4>
        Larry Garfield (<a href="http://twitter.com/Crell/">@Crell</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://ez.no/">eZ Publish</a></h4>
        Andre Romcke (<a href="http://twitter.com/andrerom/">@andrerom</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://flow.typo3.org/">TYPO3 Flow</a></h4>
        Karsten Dambekalns (<a href="http://twitter.com/kdambekalns/">@kdambekalns</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://jackalope.github.com">Jackalope</a></h4>
        Lukas Kahwe Smith (<a href="http://twitter.com/lsmith">@lsmith</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.joomla.org/">Joomla</a></h4>
        Don Gilbert (<a href="http://twitter.com/dilbert4life/">@dilbert4life</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://laravel.com/">Laravel</a></h4>
        Taylor Otwell (<a href="http://twitter.com/taylorotwell/">@taylorotwell</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://li3.me/">Lithium</a></h4>
        Nate Abele (<a href="http://twitter.com/nateabele/">@nateabele</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://pear.php.net/">PEAR</a></h4>
        Brett Bieber (<a href="http://twitter.com/saltybeagle/">@saltybeagle</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.phalconphp.com/">Phalcon</a></h4>
        Andres Gutierrez (<a href="http://twitter.com/phalconphp/">@phalconphp</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.phing.info/">Phing</a></h4>
        Michiel Rook (<a href="http://twitter.com/michieltcs/">@michieltcs</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.phpbb.com/">phpBB</a></h4>
        Nils Adermann (<a href="http://twitter.com/naderman/">@naderman</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.phpdoc.org/">phpDocumentor</a></h4>
        Mike van Riel (<a href="http://twitter.com/mvriel/">@mvriel</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.ppi.io/">PPI Framework</a></h4>
        Paul Dragoonis (<a href="http://twitter.com/dr4goonis/">@dr4goonis</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.prestashop.com/">PrestaShop</a></h4>
        R&eacute;mi Gaillard (<a href="http://twitter.com/xtaz07/">@xtaz07</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.propelorm.org/">Propel</a></h4>
        William Durand (<a href="http://twitter.com/couac/">@couac</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.pyrocms.com/">PyroCMS</a></h4>
        Phil Sturgeon (<a href="http://twitter.com/philsturgeon/">@philsturgeon</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.sabredav.org/">SabreDAV</a></h4>
        Evert Pot (<a href="http://twitter.com/evertp/">@evertp</a>)
    </li>


    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="https://sculpin.io/">Sculpin</a></h4>
        Beau D. Simensen (<a href="http://twitter.com/beausimensen/">@beausimensen</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.tedivm.com/stash/">Stash</a></h4>
        Robert Hafner (<a href="http://twitter.com/tedivm/">@tedivm</a>)
    </li>


    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://developers.sugarcrm.com/wordpress">SugarCRM</a></h4>
        Filipe Guerra (<a href="http://twitter.com/alias_mac/">@alias_mac</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.symfony.com/">Symfony2</a></h4>
        Bernhard Schussek (<a href="http://twitter.com/webmozart/">@webmozart</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4>The community at large</h4>
        Cal Evans (<a href="http://twitter.com/CalEvans/">@CalEvans</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4>
            <a target="_blank" href="http://www.wikiba.se/">Wikibase</a>
            and <a target="_blank" href="https://semantic-mediawiki.org">Semantic MediaWiki</a>
        </h4>
        Jeroen De Dauw (<a href="https://twitter.com/JeroenDeDauw">@JeroenDeDauw</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.yiiframework.com/">Yii framework</a></h4>
        Alexander Makarov (<a href="http://twitter.com/sam_dark/">@sam_dark</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://framework.zend.com/">Zend Framework 2</a></h4>
        Pádraic Brady (<a href="http://twitter.com/padraicb/">@padraicb</a>)
    </li>

    <li>
        <h4><a target="_blank" href="http://www.zikula.org/">Zikula</a></h4>
        Karma Dordrak (<a href="http://twitter.com/zikuladrak/">@zikuladrak</a>)
    </li>
</ul>
